feat(DWS): add workload plan stage resource support (#4164)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/dws_workload_plan_stage.md

---
subcategory: "Data Warehouse Service (DWS)"
---

# huaweicloud_dws_workload_plan_stage

Manages a DWS workload plan stage resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "cluster_id" {}
variable "plan_id" {}
variable "stage_name" {}
variable "pool_name" {}

resource "huaweicloud_dws_workload_plan_stage" "test" {
  cluster_id = var.cluster_id

>   plan_id    = var.cluster_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  plan_id    = var.plan_id
```

Author: done

  name       = var.stage_nme
  start_time = "01:00:00"

>   end_time   = "00:00:00"

Author: done

  queue_list {

>     name =  var.pool_name

Author: done

* `plan_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the plan ID of to which the workload plan stage belongs.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the name of the workload plan stage, which must be unique
  and contains `3` to `28` characters, composed only of lowercase letters, numbers, or underscores (_),
  and must start with a lowercase letter. Changing this creates a new resource.

* `start_time` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the start time of the workload plan.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `end_time` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the end time of the workload plan.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `queue_list` - (Required, List, ForceNew) Specifies the workload queue configurations.
  Changing this creates a new resource.
  The [queue_list](#block--queue_list) structure is documented below.

* `month` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the execution months of the workload plan. Default to all months.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `day` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the execution days of the workload plan. Default to all days.

>   Changing this creates a new resource.

Reviewer: ```
e.g. **...**
```
please provider the examples to teach users how to use them.

Author: done

<a name="block--queue_list"></a>
The `queue_list` block supports:

* `configuration` - (Required, List, ForceNew) Specifies the configuration information for workload queue.
  Changing this creates a new resource.
  The [configuration](#block--queue_list--configuration) structure is documented below.

* `name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the name of workload queue which the workload plan stage running.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

<a name="block--queue_list--configuration"></a>
The `configuration` block supports:

* `resource_name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the resource name to be configured for the workload queue.
  Changing this creates a new resource. Value options:

  + **cpu**: Percentage of CPU time that can be used by users associated with the current workload queue to execute jobs.

>     The value is an integer ranging from `1` to `99`.

Reviewer: This description is belong to the parameter `resource_value`

Author: done

  + **cpu_limit**: Maximum percentage of CPU cores used by a database user in a workload queue.
    The value is an integer ranging from `0` to `100`. `0` indicates no limit.
  + **memory**: Percentage of the memory that can be used by a workload queue. `0` indicates no limit.
  + **concurrency**: Maximum number of concurrent queries in a workload queue.
  + **shortQueryConcurrencyNum**: Maximum number of concurrent short queries in a workload queue.
    `-1` indicates no limit.

* `resource_value` - (Required, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the value of the resource attribute for the workload queue.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `value_unit` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the value unit of the resource attribute for the workload queue.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `resource_description` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the description of the resource attribute for
  the workload queue. Changing this creates a new resource.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID.

> * `next_valid_time` - Next execution time.

Reviewer: execution time? not validation time?

Author: done

## Import

> The workload plan stage can be imported using `cluster_id` and `plan_id` and `name`, separated by a slash, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workload plan stage can be imported using `cluster_id` and `plan_id` and `name`, separated by slashes, e.g.
```

Author: done
